This is a legal agreement between yourself and the Copyright Holder,
Lxlabs, if you choose to reject this agreement you must
remove all copies of the Package from your system.

Definitions
                           
  "Package" refers to the collection of files distributed by the Copyright
Holder, and derivatives of that collection of files created through
textual modification.
                              
"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights for
the package.

"Noc Center" is defined as the Network Operation Center.  This is a
physical location.
                              
1. The Copyright Holder grants you a exclusive non-transferable license,
for use of the Package inside of Copyright Holder's Network. Redistribution
of this Package is prohibited in and form.  Inside Copyright Holder
Network shall be defined as the physical location of the machine the
program is installed on being inside the Copyright Holder's Noc Center.  
Upon removal of the machine from the Copyright Holder's Noc Center this
license is immediately revoked, and the licescee losses all rights to use
the software.

2. You may apply bug fixes, patches, and other modifications from the 
Copyright Holder, or those received from the public domain.  It is
requested that your return your changes to the Copyright Holder, but
it is not required.

3. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS. 
            The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is
defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms
are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S.
Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth
herein.

4. This distribution has various third party software, which is clearly
marked as such, distributed with it. These software products are
distributed under their own licenses and in most case may be copied
freely.  The source code to all of these third-party software packages has
been distributed with the entire package, and is all avalible by request.
If you wish to receive the sources by postal mail please send a request to
VDI, 61a Belleville Ave. Bloomfield, NJ 07003.  Please enclose a check for
$12 to cover the costs shipping costs while inside the US.  
International parties should include a check for $24 to cover the
shipping.

5.   THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
